chore: release 1.0.0-rc.6 (#378)
wireapp/core-crypto: CHANGELOG.md

    * Note: the papercuts will majorly be with the build process. Things might be very rough to integrate as no polish at all has been given yet.
* ❌ = tier 3 support. It doesn't work just yet, but we plan to make it work.

## [1.0.0-rc.6] - 2023-08-08

<details>
    <summary>git-conventional changelog</summary>

### Bug Fixes

- `e2eiRotateAll` return type was not wrapped
- Signature KeyPair was rotated when credentials were which was zealous. Also fixes an important bug caused by inverted private & public keypair part when rotating credentials

### Features

- [**breaking**] Handle the case when a client tries to decrypt a Welcome referring to a KeyPackage he already has deleted locally
- Add keystore dump exporter CLI tool

### Testing

- Add a roundtrip test for e2ei credential rotation to tackle a false positive regression

</details>

> * Add keystore dump command line to debug internal applications and export the content of the keystore for further analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add keystore dump CLI tool to debug internal applications and export the content of the keystore for further analysis
```

Reviewer: Oops, discard that, this needs to be added to the .tpl file and regenerate the .md afterwards!
